Princely Potatoes

Ingredients

Potatoes, washed and quartered: 2 1/2 cups
Yogurt: 1/2 cup
Dry roast and grind to a paste with a little water:
	Almonds, blanched peeled and sliced: 3 tbsp
	Outlander Spices Cinnamon powder: 1 1/2 tsp
	Outlander Spices Nutmeg powder: 1 1/2 tsp
	Outlander Spices Coriander powder: 1 1/2 tsp
	Outlander Spices Red chilli powder: 3 tsp
Oil: 1/2 cup
Onions chopped: 1/2 cup
Ginger paste: 2 tsp
Garlic paste: 2 tsp


Directions

Whisk the yogurt with the roasted paste. Mix well.

Heat the oil: reduce the heat, add onions, ginger and garlic pastes. Fry until golden brown.

Add the potatoes and fry until golden brown. Add the yogurt and mix the salt. Cook for 5 minutes and then add ¾ cup of warm water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and cook until the potatoes are tender and the gravy is thick.





Chicken Stuffed with Spices

Ingredients

Chicken: 21-24 oz
For the stuffing:
	Oil: 2 tbsp
	Outlander Spices Cloves: 4
	Outlander Spices Cinammon sticks, 1" each: 2
	Outlander Spices Cardamoms: 2
	Outlander Spices Bay leaves: 2
	Onions, sliced: 2
	Outlander Spices Ginger powder: 3 tsp
	Cashew nuts, ground to a paste with a little water: 2 tsp
	Outlander Spices Coriander powder: 2 tsp
	Salt to taste
	Almonds, blanched, peeled, and sliced: 8 oz
	Sultanas/Raisins, chopped: 8 oz
For the chicken:
	Clarified butter/refined oil: 2 tsp
	Onions, sliced: 8
	Outlander Spices Garlic powder: 2 tsp
	Outlander Spices Ginger powder: 2 tsp
	Salt to taste
	Milk: 1 cup
	Yogurt: 1 cup


Directions

For the stuffing: Heat the oil. Add the cloves, cinnamons, cardamoms, and bay leaves to it. Remove the spices from the oil and grind them together with a little water. Keep aside.

Add the ginger powder, cashew nut paste, coriander powder, and salt to the oil. Sauté until light brown in color.

Add the sliced almonds and sultanas. Stir. Add the ground spices and onions. Stir well.

Remove the pan from the heat and stuff the chicken with this mixture. Close the cavity with cocktail sticks. Lace the chicken with string, so that it does not lose shape and holds the stuffing in place.

For the chicken: Heat the oil in a large pan. Add the sliced onions and fry until transparent. Then, add the ginger and garlic powder and fry until the water has evaporated. Add the chicken and fry carefully, browning it all over. Put in salt and milk. Bring to a boil. Simmer, keeping the pan covered, until the chicken becomes very tender and a little gravy is left. Whisk the yogurt and add it to the gravy. Stir and cook on very low heat until the gravy thickens.